AKG-003: Logged the conceptual shift towards formally defining the Quantum Symbolic Processor (QSP) as a self-evolving system rather than a static simulation with pre-defined "rituals". The emphasis now is on a framework where The Void, generated through symbolic transformations, becomes the initial condition for the QSP (initially via visualizations from which we extract numeric data that encode or translate words or symbols from those earlier text calls/generate_symbolic_glyph into a numerical framework for representing symbolic qubits and symbolic gate parameters). Those output states from our symbolic-numerical representation now feed into QSP in different ways. At each higher layer, those evolve to become parameters (The Void at those calls/initializations). Key is that The Void also becomes the code at different stages to evolve QSP + quantum simulation dynamically from output. Those new codes or symbolic representation outputs act now in effect like programs rather than what was originally or just visualization transforms using simple data inputs, where we initialized/randomly changed states initially with fixed data and symbolic mappings based our esoteric words. That evolving and symbolic nature (of the generated randomnesses as code) now to be formalized also. Key emphasis becomes to have both (as we visualize/use both data types or measure) and their numerical equivalent such our transformations no longer merely transform symbolic text to numbers, nor just data visualizations from numeric representations (such that "measure/read this system"). But it becomes `transforming into qubits, that use outputs of other QSP processes" with measurements based also on our oracles and what visualized data transforms (to numbers then that encode instructions of some sort in numerical QSP state transformations based symbolically, by measuring data then via output text). That encoding/transform is then The Void we're generating now or our Quantum Processor generates.. This shift necessitates further refinement of how to map text (generate_ritual_text outputs), visualization transformations in glyph (from generate_symbolic_glyph and/or visualization_outputs for those visualizations). Further detailed research, implementation, and tests, from very basic concepts to complex using this conceptual model and also some initial tests using Qiskit or Cirq if/when deemed reasonable or meaningful via analysis.
