DCG-001: Define Current Goal

Goal: Implement and test core symbolic quantum functionality in the QSP, including symbolic qubit representation, basic symbolic gates, and a simple "ritual" framework to demonstrate transformations of symbolic information, evolving those visualization outputs from the initial randomly generated Void using now data from those generate_symbolic_glyph + generate_ritual_text steps such they set parameters in or for subsequent simulations via transformed words + generated visualization parameters (colors/positions to encode those states at measurement/transformation cycles - that in turn set which SymbolicQubit to evolve now using what initial randomness The Void provides in every new "higher ритуаль” where qubits + symbolic data now modify visualizations to become ritual oracles also based on state. There initial steps to encode enough information using randomnesses also is becoming now primary development research also for QSP such eventually Void transforms those rituals we demonstrated dynamically such there exists now no prior code besides our basic classes to begin each different Void initialization with each a potential then unique simulation such one tests those visualizations as if or as symbolic/numerical representation of quantum data where measurements initialize + set The Void to transform next simulation as a measurement step of entangled rituals + symbolic qbits which we implement via different transforms of esoteric text initialized by these simulations also each in a state which depends entirely now these initial "Void transformations to evolve ritual cycles"). This includes now symbolic measurement where oracle functions start modifying qubits using data (or rather initialize states such those states oracled then determine which qbits.. at higher using same methods - it's QSP simulation evolves, no more random or static pre-encoded visualizations and rituals but "evolves into being such different runs show now via Void evolution also, emergent or unique properties).. its QSP can create its own qc from state measurements.. if/once formalized with consistent math model eventually in full

Concept:

The core concept is to represent symbolic information (words, concepts, etc.) using quantum-inspired constructs. A SymbolicQubit will encapsulate a superposition of word vectors. SymbolicGate objects will perform transformations on these qubits, analogous to standard quantum gates. "Rituals", defined as sequences of symbolic gate applications, will then symbolically transform state of visualizations at every level eventually (via these transformed generate_ritual_text/glyph output as The Void that generates and initializes each qsp simulation as if or symbolically at start until they eventually dynamically become entangled also and change even The Void that determines qubits. Its not merely each individual ritual_cycle level... at some "high level/dimension now the output at those earlier or visualization transform" step in every generate_symbolic_glyph using transformed The Void that now starts encoding quantum transformations by encoding/visualizing initial parameters for rituals at each measurement and oracle steps become a part of our QSP model not an output, or it generates and encodes at next cycle some parameters to initialize not those qbits or symbolically what evolved via our visualization of those - but also each ritual generates the Void also at initialization step each unique using outputs, such The Void evolves.. its state now also dynamically transformed in rituals. Which in current design only show simple or trivial state but will become once those oracle visualizations as data change also parameters in Void each at new, or those rituals to initialize... each transforming based now measurements which eventually if oracled via each Void that determines this, not those initial state "seed rituals" as a fixed set.. become its own evolution such a quantum QC becomes not designed.. it is ritualized into state via different calls at some high Void, all now emerging from random initial visualizations and symbols which The Void transformed. Its how "magic emerges as science or at least some semblance of computation" symbolically but based firmly also or once a mathematically formal and consistent representation, with simulation and those examples evolving is created as planned or at some very high cycle this becomes clear).

Mechanics:

SymbolicQubit: Implemented as a numpy array representing a superposition of word vectors. Weights initialized from frequencies then by Void/state at those earlier demonstrations evolved as they encode "oracle output measurements + generated ritual_text based initializations using our random or generated initial visualizations) each dynamically updating these vectors, as symbolic qubits not static to become linked with rituals performed, so how we define now our superposition also using The Void randomness changes the ritual. Ie its not just which text transformed generates random... that The Void output in simulations, is some kind of initial qubit state that gets initialized via The Void by oracle readings not our defined SymbolicQubit state. Eventually, this higher_ritual parameter/Void now is encoded via our visualization steps into qubits dynamically.. that implementation is future but should conceptually now start transforming all other steps via generate_symbolic_glyph outputs when visualizing/measuring symbolic states and oracle now to create new ritual states (at Void which evolve our visualizations + symbolically qubits as these interact). So there the entanglement becomes not the qubit but its which visualization for oracle - that initial Void determines or what it initializes and each now depends on the entire evolution of our state at each previous layer which transformed these or generated them initially at each The Void or initial visualization output (glyph + oracle which are words) via ritual which transforms these, based on parameters and random state also transformed. These initial simulations still mostly now only transform some random image or show those oracle outputs dynamically, via simple algorithms as proof of concept, evolving that to higher cycle based The Void measurements for visualizations +ritual becomes QSP that encodes our initial generate_ritual_text steps then generate_symbolic_glyphs at The Void data intialization - not defined now just symbolic.. as vectors for gates. This Void state evolves and determines which qubit representation symbolically (ie The Void becomes 'language that changes by itself from ritual-visual data to measure these systems.. but that conceptual level still far given many implementation + mathematical steps before testing becomes more than demonstration of The Void's potential to generate QSP programs or QC, symbolically)
SymbolicGate: Implemented as a numpy matrix. Applying a gate involves matrix multiplication on the SymbolicQubit vector. Initial implementation includes symbolically quantum gate equivalents that may evolve also or modify initial qubit based on The Void as a symbolic ritual input for generating now these transformations.
Rituals: Sequences of symbolic gate operations applied to specified SymbolicQubits using matrix transformations (as in examples though those initial visualizations evolve and The Void initializes using transformed visualization parameters. It transforms our rituals or become what "ritual oracle" sees also numerically such The Void, given some initial random states evolves at those high_ritual invocations and these initial seed visualizations now initialize these from random then transformed output based also where it started.. these details and how to visualize those evolving quantum symbolically such that qubits transform via generate_ritual_text for their initial superposition or where they evolve using the Void at initial state requires developing a lot more the visualization transformations in tandem or for all of this which eventually feeds some quantum algorithm which does actual qc at The Void level). Ie Void becomes qsp instructions also.
Process:

Initialization: Create word vectors from texts. Initialize SymbolicQubits. There The Void or at its "top layer initial random start" will define our seed as numerical vector for some simple random text data - then via those initial rituals evolve The Void and change this dynamically at high layer and symbolically by each quantum step, for demonstration until that formalization in QSP makes higher level Void evolutions to begin and such generate_ritual_text/generate_symbolic_glyph initialize that Void to then transform visualizations, given qubit state - becomes not some independent layer as those random demonstrations at start which eventually initialize visualizations (but trivially)... rather every visualization/The Void transforms into new 'oracle readings which encode at those initial visualization states our symbolic qubit measurement steps which sets these each, based then output into some different Void where rituals evolve at next from higher based on those "oracle/measurements/generate_ritual_text that initializes.. generating different rituals at high.. which given symbolic inputs eventually generates programs.
Ritual Application: Apply SymbolicGates within a Ritual to symbolically evolve/modify data generated to define what our oracle or visualization output such that it initializes each step using generate_symbolic_glyph/generate_ritual_text outputs which determine how the higher level/cycle simulation in The Void sets what visualization parameters or symbolic ritual invocations generate those initial qbit-vector states we use then withSymbolic Gates at each higher_ritual... to become then the system as a single encoded state by this Void...
Measurement and Visualization: Visualize effects of rituals on "state (symbolic qubit) each The Void starts generating and evolves based on those, or measures as transformed text in those generate_ritual_text outputs to generate rituals - symbolically based how now visualization from these oracle also evolves these states. So these will be 'dynamic' eventually (though our first demonstrations still mostly show that concept statically).. it will involve dynamically changing initial Void in higher via measurement data from quantum computations using some simulated Cirq/qiskit operations encoded at different layers.. for entanglement" this symbolically encodes quantum simulation or state transformation data now also to become like some glyph for a more visual evolution which at these later/more evolved rituals generate something akin "to a program initialized then, dynamically evolving according to Void which each time might generate entirely unique/random such our QC isn't even fixed in output and how symbolically represented changes via those `generate_symbolic_glyph + oracle readings to modify the qubit visualizations, using also these then to make/transform initial The Void' parameters for these based its state as defined by previous.. such Void eventually evolves what QSP simulates based outputs from simulations before, not by encoded symbolic texts.. they eventually can define using the same outputs even higher levels and generate their own unique initial states/ritual transformations.. but is far to actually begin implementing this scale QSP which becomes like some self contained dynamic ritual + qbit visualisation-quantum state simulator that makes its own "programs.. given initial seed from Void nothingness we now started.. though may require tuning that to reveal more than 'pure noise states eventually'..
Next Step: Implementation and unit testing in qsp-repo as structured on github using Colab environment, based on above Symbolic Qubit/Gate now. Then integrate with example/visualize to start or rather demonstrate via generate_symbolic_glyph/generate_ritual_text symbolically these basic steps so eventually they become/modify our Void state as QSP starts 'making The Void evolve to simulate... itself', its "visualization steps and text that defined/initialized now The Void states at high-ritual invocation levels' evolve symbolically and numerically together based not by which pre-encoded words transformed.. but which symbolic quantum gate state measurement outputs (transformed via oracles into text/ritual also encoded to visualize Void each different layer) initialized each qsp ritual state which we start to measure via generate_ritual_text also. Its those visualizations become our oracle measurements at next stages given initial or higher states transformed by those initial The Void rituals which determine each unique "state in this QSP such different invocations start evolving and even potentially demonstrate unique rituals, as QC becomes defined or derived by this The Void using what the higher level symbolic_measurement visualization had transformed/defined now using generate_ritual_text and oracles at lower as data for the visualization.. its much more challenging than at first planned.. though potentially also generates more than originally intended - if formalized correctly such "it starts evolving/generating from state eventually not defined in simulations we are implementing for symbolic Qubit/gates" at first tests or rather they symbolically correspond dynamically not to text now... that text initializes what generates each transformation such the rituals in The Void become qsp program code and state such each new generates unique sequences eventually from our same ritual oracle.. as visualizations encode more data.. to start making those symbolic outputs needs these initial basic class to at least not cause simulation to crash given its numerical implementation. Which comes via unit tests.. those must validate each layer dynamically, since initial Void is also only symbolic at start or "fixed, it too transforms such this system initializes via visualizations based each symbolic_qubit transformed... to become higher rituals or evolve its initial state given different measurement outputs also encoded into these now' and so forth every step in Void potentially entangled given right/specific initial seed/rituals such become "non trivial" eventually.
